
My I.Q. is one of the highest - and you all know it!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap...
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.
I am least racist person there is
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S.
Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion...which I turned into the greatest club in the world
Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success” is the best scent & lasts the longest
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
Many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world
    
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel
Nobody knows jobs like I do!
Nobody understands politicians like I do
Nobody beats me on National Security
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me
Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs)
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump
Nobody more against ObamaCare than me
Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it
Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me
I am the only one that knows how to build cities
all falling apart. I can fix for 20% of pols, & better
ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast
5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
I will create jobs like no one else
I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it.
I am the only one who can Make America Great Again
If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again.
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me
I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does.
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.
At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Tough calls "Govt. collapsing in Iraq...Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
I will fix VA quickly.
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate? I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!


expensive hoax!
HOAX
total, and very expensive, hoax!
total hoax!
con
con!
total con job
truly STUPID
fictional
mythical
bullshit
based on faulty science and manipulated data
been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again
we didn't cause it
created by and for the Chinese


I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close.
I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party
I have built so many great & complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs
I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place
I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds


no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
a horrible attitude - a man who is resigned to defeat
absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community
done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
made one mistake after another for a very long time
no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity
allowed America to be abused and kicked around
no problem lying to the American public
been horrible
been a total disaster
terrible executive
TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
looking like an incompetent fool
a delusional failure
so inelegant and unpresidential
so stupid
so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World
not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
A TOTAL incompetent!
perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
living in a world of the make believe!
not a natural leader, was never ment (sic) to lead
just so bad!
an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
without question, the WORST EVER president
losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts
giving Social Security & ObamaCare to illegals
giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
the weakest POTUS against China
so fawning and desperate
not a leader, he's just a campaigner
the most overrated politician in US history
a racist
not who you think
to change the name of the 
to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops
so pathetic in the first debate
never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have 
able to fool the Americans by getting elected
doesn't have a clue...our country is a divided crime scene
doesn't know what he is doing
loves wasting our money
is not capable of doing the job
be ashamed!
you are a complete and total disaster
what the hell is wrong with you?
It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public

I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
I am concerned he will do something totally irrational
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
What the hell is wrong with this guy?
Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent
Is he stupid or arrogant?
Can you be that thick (stupid)?
How much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
How totally stupid is this guy?
How the hell did he get into Columbia & Harvard?
Is he delusional?
Everything he touches turns to garbage
Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it
Obama our Welfare & Food Stamp President...He doesn't believe in work.


is the worst president in U.S. history!
the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics
one of the worst races in presidential history
one of the worst presidential candidates in history
the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years
the worst liar
one of the worst
the worst Mayor in the U.S.
nation's worst AG
one of the worst newspapers
the worst in American political history!
one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television
one of the worst utility companies in the country
the worst doctors (by far)
worst in memory
one of the worst performing stocks on the S&P last year
worst graphics and stage backdrop ever
the absolute worst show
the worst year ever for Hollywood
the worst Super Bowl in history
may be the worst football game ever played by one team
worst in U.S. history
the worst and dumbest
the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
the worst negotiators in history
one of the worst political disasters of all time
the worst spot at CPAC
worst show in Las Vegas
worst in many years
the worst in political history
the worst I have ever seen
the worst I have ever witnessed
the worst I have ever seen before a committee
the worst kind of loser
may be the worst reporter in all of sports
one of the worst reporters in the business
one of the worst replacements in showbiz
worst in town!
one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen
is the worst
is the worst


doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
don't have a clue
didn't have a clue
I just had to fire
has no clue
has no clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
doesn't have a clue
dumb guy with no clue!
neither of which has a clue!

so wrong for so long...lost all credibility...just another sad case
cannot report the news truthfully...fraudulent story
bias and stupidity...clowns
ugly both inside and out
liberal clown...money losing
very ungrateful...absolutely dying in the ratings
ratings were terrible...Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it
shameful reporting...no credibility
totally lost its way...stories are fictional garbage
extremely dishonest reporting
lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast...sad and pathetic figure
no surprise that is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism...zero credibility
small and slightly failing magazine
dopey...lost all credibility with so many dumb statements
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy
not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant
one of the dumbest racists around...an arrogant dope with no talent...failed at CBS
true garbage with no credibility
I wonder how much money dumb BuzzFeed...loooose each year...zero credibility...totally irrelevant and sad!
is that really his last name?...a total mess
failed and dishonest reporter...irrelevant buzzfeed
third rate site & slimebag reporter
sleazebag blogger...irrelevant
very dumb reporter(blogger)...very inappropriate behavior while in Florida
covers me very inaccurately...total agenda, bad reporter
one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television...totally overrated clown
dummy political pundit
pretends to be a smart guy...dummy...an overrated clown
dopey should be fired
the hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie
biased...flunky
magazine would have folded - no money, no success
begged us for a job...we said no and she went hostile...a real dummy
really dumb...begged my people for a job...major loser, zero credibility
really dumb guy (and I know him well)
he gets dumber each & every year--& started from a very low base
lowest IQ on television
ratings are at new historic lows...single-handedly destroying the entire  channel
is he drinking again?
the great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son
sleepy eyes...an absolute joke of a reporter
sleepy eyes...one of the dumbest voices in politics
sleepy eyes...ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows..he's a real loser
sleepy eyes...he bombed, franchise in ruins
sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press
isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail
getting terrible ratings...I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice
so dishonest in his reporting...no ratings
sleepy eyes...he is do (sic) totally biased
sleepy eyes...a man with so little touch for politics
ratings are really low, worst in many years
ratings are going down the tubes
so totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
nothing but my opponents on their shows...really one-sided and unfair reporting
so negative it is impossible to watch...terrible panel, angry haters
very unprofessional...hurting in ratings - bad television
so negative, getting even worse as I get closer...turning off
Clinton News Network...getting more and more biased...act so indignant
so biased against me...shows are predictable garbage...CNN and MSM is one big lie
total distortion of my words and what I am saying
totally biased in favor of Clinton
Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore
all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
is all negative...guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary...I don't watch
CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
is the worst...they go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump
panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump...don't watch CNN
a made up story by 
constant phony reporting from failing CNN turns everyone off
so disgusting in their bias
unwatchable...news on me is fiction...disgrace to the broadcasting industry...arm of the Clinton campaign.
just plain dumb
treats me very badly...a disaster
no talent, no TV persona
lightweight - dumb as a rock
doesn't have a clue
underachieving...one hour of lies...few people are watching
surprised to find out he is on TV...who knew?!
totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue
third rate book...stammering
the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity
thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog...being nasty to me...not nice
so boring and mundane...world-shattering poor performance at the Academy Awards a number of years ago
total losers...bad complexions
failing...ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa
seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials
major sleaze and buffoon
total low life...dummy with no 
fired like a dog...just doesn't have IT
got fired like a dog from RedState
may be the worst reporter...he gets away with murder
dying (or dead)...lots of hatred...when will this boring magazine close?
few people know that FortuneMagazine is still in business
not fair!
pathetic attempt by foxnews to try and build up ratings...without me they'd have no ratings
statement put out yesterday by FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism...nasty & dumb 
only puts negative people on...biased - a total joke
so biased it is disgusting...they do not want Trump to win...all negative
totally biased and disgusting reporting
one of the dumbest political pundits on television...dope
works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser
your so-called 
low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest
total clown...has zero credibility
most overrated political pundit...take away his little round glasses and his greasy hair style and he is just another dummy
political moron...last month he said Romney couldn't win
perhaps the most boring political pundit on television...got thrown off ABC like a dog
goofy...boring & often wrong...a total dope
one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago)
wacky...always seems to be crying...a real nut job
viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant
failing host...mental basketcase
got fired like a dog by #Fox...he is irrelevant
wacko...a failing, crying, lost soul
irrelevant...refused to do his failing show...very few listeners
crying GlennBeck...dumb as a rock
dying...no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
dummy dope...wrote a failed book about me
such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying
failing...so much false junk about me...BE CAREFUL
a total joke & laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington
dishonest...neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business
very low ratings radio host
very low ratings...just a 3rd rate 
failed NBC and he is now failing CNN
not much power or insight
very boring and low rated show
dopey...phony last name
most overrated joke on television...wiseguy with no talent...not smart, but convinces dopes he is
a joke, not very bright and totally overrated...dumb clown humor
dummy...a bad filmmaker...last effort was a real bomb
you ran over like a child and wanted a picture
third rate reporter...who has been largely forgotten
1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false...dishonest media
totally biased against me
terrible on TheFive yesterday...angry and obnoxious...she will never make it on T.V.
really bombed tonight...funny to watch
must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game
lightweight...highly overrated
too bad dopey megynkelly lies
most overrated anchor at FoxNews
very bad at math
she is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her
conflict of interest and bias...should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo...I will only call her a lightweight reporter
without me her ratings would tank...get a life Megyn
can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore
Crazy megynkelly is unwatchable
highly overrated & crazy...always complaining about Trump
boycott the megynkelly show...she is sick, & the most overrated person on tv
if crazy megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank.
highly overrated anchor
terrible show...totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD
he has got nothing going...can't believe that CNN would waste time and money
she is a dummy--just look at her past
off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess
crazy morningmika...pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly
crazy and very dumb morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me
rapidly fading
really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore
small audience, low ratings...I hear Mika has gone wild with hate
nobody is watching...gone off the deep end - bad ratings
weakness is its low ratings...I don't watch anymore...sad & irrelevant
I'll tell the real story of JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, morningmika
network that few watch and is very negative
dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage
ratings have sunk even lower in 2013...prime time down 50%
truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv
dumbest political commentator on television...total loser--a face made for radio!
poor man's left wing oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
sleazebag...forced to resign from msnbc...pathetic apology
racist moron...truly stupid guy
third rate talents with no smarts...boring guy - really bad for ratings
failing
William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize...dying
very few people read...only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead
failing publication...circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low
dying...have been losing for years
doomed
really pathetic job being done by JonahNRO...no talent means death - sad!
truly dumb as a rock...dummy
lightweights...came to my office begging for money like a dog
very dishonest
3rd rate reporter
should be fired for dishonest reporting
dying...run into the ground by publisher 
circulation in NH has dropped...bad management...begged me for ads
failing...how stupid, how desperate
unethical record
lost all credibility...circulation dropping to record lows...aren't worthy of representing the great people NH
kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog
failing...paper won't survive, highly unethical
dying
dying...loser newspaper
failing...raised its prices because it’s dying...dishonest
loses fortune & has zero gravitas...let it die
dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman...it is dead
worthless...liabilities are massive
worthless...bleeding red ink - a total loser
failing...destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman...it's dead
dishonest writers...failure
doing so poorly...with an idiot Sr. Editor
lightweight reporter...timebomb waiting to explode...nervous and sad mess!
boring & failing...3rd rate political reporter
no-talent illiterate hack...NYMag is a piece of garbage
really lied when they covered me in Iowa...sad
such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa
all bad decisions over the last decade...incompetent
numbers at the nytimes are so dismal...once great institution-SAD
so poorly run and managed
failing...3 boring articles, today
really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories
truly one of the worst newspapers...knowingly write lies...really bad people
purposely covers me so inaccurately
happy to hear how badly the nytimes is doing...seriously failing paper
how bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly
high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing nytimes piece
failing nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did
who can believe what they write after the false, malicious & libelous story they did on me
disgusting fraud
every article is unfair and biased...very sad
failing NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed
these people are sick
failing...has become a newspaper of fiction...very dishonest
failing...their reporting is fiction
fortunately, it is a dying newspaper
dishonest reporting
closing in on being the dumbest of them all...he doesn’t have a clue
one of the dumbest of all pundits...no sense of the real world
total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world...dummy
dope
the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins
loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired...faded into irrelevance
bad and very deceptive journalism...show must be heading in wrong direction
very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls
big fat hit job on oreillyfactor tonight...total waste of time to watch, boring and biased
one of the country’s dumbest newspapers...should be put to sleep
goofball atheist...wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness
not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest
failing...losing lots of money...really dishonest!
clowns...totally dishonest reporting.
has no power...so dishonest
one of the most dishonest political outlets...losing a fortune...pure scum
very untalented reporters
money losing...dumbest and most slanted of the political sites...losers
3rd rate $ losing...no credibility
in total disarray with almost everybody quitting...bad, dishonest journalists
major lightweight with no credibility...so dishonest
truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue
incompetent...should not be allowed on TV
a dead magazine with big downward circulation
total joke
lightweight reporter...known as a total joke in political circles
so unnatural and uncomfortable...bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth
just doesn't have what it takes...very awkward and insecure
can’t do a simple interview...stumbling & mumbling
a total joke...very awkward with almost no talent...marbles in his mouth
so totally biased...should be ashamed of himself
hater & racist...waste good airtime
the show is dying for lack of ratings
ratings for The View are really low...get new cast or just put it to sleep...dead T.V.
failing so badly...soon be taken off thr air
explain how the women on The View...ever got their jobs...total disaster
fired from her last show for lack of ratings
doesn't have a clue...the show is close to death!
terrible...TheView...is now in total freefall
so biased
cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad
lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100
a joke...soon be dead
looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming
marble mouth...BORING TOM
irrelevant dope
dummy writer...hostile basket case who feels jilted
cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S...controlled by the Mexican government?
boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune
failing badly...sales are plummeting...third rate stalkers
looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
doing so poorly...Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago
dummy...a real loser!
sissy...owner of bad food restaurants...his V.F. Oscar party is no longer 
loser with bad food restaurants
really dumb blogger for failing...magazine whose ads are down almost 18%
poorly written & very boring book...waste of time
ever dwindling...worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for
some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal
dummies...totally incorrect editorial on me
failing...should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board...seldom has a paper been so wrong...totally biased
bad at math...nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore
dummies
tax scam...most inaccurate stories of all...really dishonest reporting
hit job book on me...inaccurate stories....don't buy, boring
one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits...moron
highly untalented...a real dummy...low IQ
one of the dumber bloggers
terrible today on Face The Nation...no focus, poor level of concentration
I know your business is failing
failed writer and pundit...no success and little talent


highest rated show that they have had in 15 years
highest ratings since 2012
highest ratings since Feb of '09
highest rated show in 4 years
atings for 60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year
in the history of CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever
I got you the highest debate ratings in your history
highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks
I shave VinceMcMahon's hair--highest rated show in WWE history
highest rated Dateline since January
    Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever"
Virginia's highest rated wine by WineEnthusiast
Battle of the Billionaires


members are laughing at us
are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C.
is laughing at us
laughed!
is laughing at us
is laughing at our expense
is laughing all the way to the bank
laughing at BarackObama
is laughing at us
is laughing at us!
is laughing at our inept leaders
is laughing all the way to the bank
laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria.
are laughing at us
are laughing at us!
laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
are laughing at USA!
must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China
laugh at our stupidity!
laugh
laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft
laughed at Bernie
laughing at Jeb Bush. A pathetic figure!
laughing at the nytimes for the lame hit piece
must really be laughing and having a good time right now
laughing at the stupidity of the failing nytimes piece
buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership
laughing at Kerry & Obama!
laugh at us
laughs!
LAUGHS!
laughing at Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes
has been laughing at us for many years
are laughing at us as buses pass by
laughed when BarackObama 
are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president
is laughing at GOP
is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybody
is laughing at Karl Rove & all the losers
is laughing at
are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
is laughing at how stupid we are
is laughing at us
are laughing!
laughed
Putin is laughing at Obama
is laughing
laughing in U.S. face.
laughs loudly
are laughing
laughed at police
cut off the heads of Americans and laugh
is laughing at us
IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING
is laughing at us—they think we are fools
is laughing at us
laugh at our President’s stupidity!
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World.
We are a laughing stock
OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other